NAME                     VERSION                         TYPE                     
Simple Launcher          1.1.0.14                        binary  (+5 duplicates)  
adduser                  3.152                           deb                      
apt                      3.0.3                           deb                      
base-files               13.8+deb13u1                    deb                      
base-passwd              3.6.7                           deb                      
bash                     5.2.37-2+b5                     deb                      
blinker                  1.9.0                           python                   
bsdutils                 1:2.41-5                        deb                      
ca-certificates          20250419                        deb                      
cli                      UNKNOWN                         binary                   
cli-32                   UNKNOWN                         binary                   
cli-64                   UNKNOWN                         binary                   
cli-arm64                UNKNOWN                         binary                   
click                    8.2.1                           python                   
coreutils                9.7-3                           deb                      
curl                     8.14.1-2                        deb                      
dash                     0.5.12-12                       deb                      
debconf                  1.5.91                          deb                      
debian-archive-keyring   2025.1                          deb                      
debianutils              5.23.2                          deb                      
diffutils                1:3.10-4                        deb                      
dpkg                     1.22.21                         deb                      
findutils                4.10.0-3                        deb                      
flask                    3.1.2                           python                   
gcc-14-base              14.2.0-19                       deb                      
grep                     3.11-4                          deb                      
gui                      UNKNOWN                         binary                   
gui-32                   UNKNOWN                         binary                   
gui-64                   UNKNOWN                         binary                   
gui-arm64                UNKNOWN                         binary                   
gunicorn                 23.0.0                          python                   
gzip                     1.13-1                          deb                      
hostname                 3.25                            deb                      
init-system-helpers      1.69~deb13u1                    deb                      
itsdangerous             2.2.0                           python                   
jinja2                   3.1.6                           python                   
libacl1                  2.3.2-2+b1                      deb                      
libapt-pkg7.0            3.0.3                           deb                      
libattr1                 1:2.5.2-3                       deb                      
libaudit-common          1:4.0.2-2                       deb                      
libaudit1                1:4.0.2-2+b2                    deb                      
libblkid1                2.41-5                          deb                      
libbrotli1               1.1.0-2+b7                      deb                      
libbsd0                  0.12.2-2                        deb                      
libbz2-1.0               1.0.8-6                         deb                      
libc-bin                 2.41-12                         deb                      
libc6                    2.41-12                         deb                      
libcap-ng0               0.8.5-4+b1                      deb                      
libcap2                  1:2.75-10+b1                    deb                      
libcom-err2              1.47.2-3+b3                     deb                      
libcrypt1                1:4.4.38-1                      deb                      
libcurl4t64              8.14.1-2                        deb                      
libdb5.3t64              5.3.28+dfsg2-9                  deb                      
libdebconfclient0        0.280                           deb                      
libffi8                  3.4.8-2                         deb                      
libgcc-s1                14.2.0-19                       deb                      
libgdbm6t64              1.24-2                          deb                      
libgmp10                 2:6.3.0+dfsg-3                  deb                      
libgnutls30t64           3.8.9-3                         deb                      
libgssapi-krb5-2         1.21.3-5                        deb                      
libhogweed6t64           3.10.1-1                        deb                      
libidn2-0                2.3.8-2                         deb                      
libk5crypto3             1.21.3-5                        deb                      
libkeyutils1             1.6.3-6                         deb                      
libkrb5-3                1.21.3-5                        deb                      
libkrb5support0          1.21.3-5                        deb                      
liblastlog2-2            2.41-5                          deb                      
libldap2                 2.6.10+dfsg-1                   deb                      
liblz4-1                 1.10.0-4                        deb                      
liblzma5                 5.8.1-1                         deb                      
libmd0                   1.1.0-2+b1                      deb                      
libmount1                2.41-5                          deb                      
libncursesw6             6.5+20250216-2                  deb                      
libnettle8t64            3.10.1-1                        deb                      
libnghttp2-14            1.64.0-1.1                      deb                      
libnghttp3-9             1.8.0-1                         deb                      
libp11-kit0              0.25.5-3                        deb                      
libpam-modules           1.7.0-5                         deb                      
libpam-modules-bin       1.7.0-5                         deb                      
libpam-runtime           1.7.0-5                         deb                      
libpam0g                 1.7.0-5                         deb                      
libpcre2-8-0             10.46-1~deb13u1                 deb                      
libpsl5t64               0.21.2-1.1+b1                   deb                      
libreadline8t64          8.2-6                           deb                      
librtmp1                 2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2+b5  deb                      
libsasl2-2               2.1.28+dfsg1-9                  deb                      
libsasl2-modules-db      2.1.28+dfsg1-9                  deb                      
libseccomp2              2.6.0-2                         deb                      
libselinux1              3.8.1-1                         deb                      
libsemanage-common       3.8.1-1                         deb                      
libsemanage2             3.8.1-1                         deb                      
libsepol2                3.8.1-1                         deb                      
libsmartcols1            2.41-5                          deb                      
libsqlite3-0             3.46.1-7                        deb                      
libssh2-1t64             1.11.1-1                        deb                      
libssl3t64               3.5.1-1                         deb                      
libstdc++6               14.2.0-19                       deb                      
libsystemd0              257.8-1~deb13u1                 deb                      
libtasn1-6               4.20.0-2                        deb                      
libtinfo6                6.5+20250216-2                  deb                      
libudev1                 257.8-1~deb13u1                 deb                      
libunistring5            1.3-2                           deb                      
libuuid1                 2.41-5                          deb                      
libxxhash0               0.8.3-2                         deb                      
libzstd1                 1.5.7+dfsg-1                    deb                      
login                    1:4.16.0-2+really2.41-5         deb                      
login.defs               1:4.17.4-2                      deb                      
markupsafe               3.0.2                           python                   
mawk                     1.3.4.20250131-1                deb                      
mount                    2.41-5                          deb                      
ncurses-base             6.5+20250216-2                  deb                      
ncurses-bin              6.5+20250216-2                  deb                      
netbase                  6.5                             deb                      
openssl                  3.5.1-1                         deb                      
openssl-provider-legacy  3.5.1-1                         deb                      
packaging                25.0                            python                   
passwd                   1:4.17.4-2                      deb                      
perl-base                5.40.1-6                        deb                      
pip                      24.0                            python                   
python                   3.11.13                         binary                   
readline-common          8.2-6                           deb                      
redis                    6.4.0                           python                   
sed                      4.9-2                           deb                      
setuptools               65.5.1                          python                   
sqv                      1.3.0-3                         deb                      
sysvinit-utils           3.14-4                          deb                      
tar                      1.35+dfsg-3.1                   deb                      
tzdata                   2025b-4+deb13u1                 deb                      
util-linux               2.41-5                          deb                      
werkzeug                 3.1.3                           python                   
wheel                    0.45.1                          python                   
zlib1g                   1:1.3.dfsg+really1.3.1-1+b1     deb
